---
layout:     assignment
categories: assignment
title:      Assignment 06
subtitle:   Creative Code!
author:     bakercp
date:       2017-10-13 00:00:00
due:        2017-10-20
---

1. Building on this week's high current examples, create a small "kinetic" sculpture.
    - The sculpture should be button activated.
    - The sculpture / sketch should be completed in less than 1 hour (once you get your circuit set up).
    - When the button is pressed, a motor or solenoid should turn on for 5000 ms and then turn off again.
    - Choose materials that amplify the movement of the motor or solenoid.
    - You can use your own motors / solenoids, purchase them from the Media Center or borrow one.
    - Capture your kinetic sculpture as a video and bring it to class.

2. Review
    - What are some uses for a transistor?
    - What factors will help you select the right transistor?
    - What factors will help you select the right motor?
    - What actuator might you use for low speed and high angular precision?
    - What actuator might you use for a continuously rotating slow speed?
    - What actuator might you use for a linear

3. Prepare openFrameworks for work in class next week.
    - For macOS
        - Download Xcode (From the App Store)
            - If it says your operating system is too old, upgrade your operating system or get an older copy from me.
        - Download [openFrameworks](http://ci.openframeworks.cc/versions/nightly/of_v20170714_osx_nightly.zip).
        - Unzip it and navigate to the `openFrameworks/examples/3d/cameraRibbonExample` example.
        - Open the `cameraRibbonExample.xcodeproj` file in Xcode.
        - Run the example. If nothing seems to happen, make sure active scheme is the `cameraRibbonExample`, not just `openFrameworks`.
    - For other OSs, let me know if you have questions.

4. Begin reading about openFrameworks in ofBook.
    - [Foreward](http://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/foreword.html)
    - [Philosophy](http://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/of_philosophy.html)
    - [Structure](http://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/setup_and_project_structure.html)
    - [C++](http://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/cplusplus_basics.html)