---
layout:     assignment
categories: assignment
title:      Assignment 07
subtitle:   ofIntro.
author:     bakercp
date:       2017-10-20 00:00:00
due:        2017-10-27
---


1. Building off of [this week's examples](https://github.com/SAIC-ATS/ARTTECH-5010/tree/master/Session_07), particularly `03_MyFirstScene`
  - Create a self-portrait using simple drawing functions.
    - Make your window 800 x 800 pixels. (`ofSetWindowShape(...)` can be called in `ofApp::setup()`).
    - Set your background color using `ofBackground(...)`.
    - Use simple drawing functions like `ofDrawRectangle(...)`, `ofDrawEllipse(...)`, `ofDrawCircle(...)`, `ofDrawLine(...)`.
    - Use repetition (`for`-loops) to create patterns.
    - Use conditional statements (`if`-statements) to make some portion of your self-portrait react to a mouse press and its position. For example, you might make your eyes close if you click on them.
        - Use `ofGetMouseX()` and `ofGetMouseY()` to get the current mouse position.
        - Use `ofIsMousePressed()` to determine whether the mouse is pressed.
        -
        ```
        if (ofIsMousePressed())
        {
            float mouseX = ofGetMouseX();
            float mouseY = ofGetMouseY();

            // do something with the mouse and its position
        }
        ```
    - Change colors by using `ofSetColor(...)`.
    - You can enable or disable the filling of shapes with `ofFill()` and `ofNoFill()`. Like color, this "fill state" will apply until you explicitly set it again.
    - Play with `ofSoundPlayer` to make looping sounds and sounds that respond to mouse input.

2. Key questions you are expected to be able to answer after the project above.
    - What are the purposes of the `ofApp::setup()`, `ofApp::update()` and `ofApp::draw()` functions?
    - How do those functions correspond to the `setup()` and `loop()` functions in Arduino?
    -
    - Arrays
        - What are the similarities and the difference between a standard C/C++ (e.g. `int myArray[];`) array and a `std::vector` (e.g.  `std::vector<int> myVector;`?
    - Looping
        - What is the difference between a standard `for`-loop and a range-`for` and why might you use one vs. the other?
    - If you are unsure of the answers any of those questions, look it up or check your notes. If you are still are unclear post a question to the forum and we'll discuss it.
